In a place in time, there existed a planet known as Terrachi. Terrachi was a world abundant in the Green and the Blue. The Green and the Blue were the very essences of life, which fostered the growth and beauty of the planet.
 
While the Green and the Blue existed on many planets, Terrachi flourished as a result of the balance between these life forces. Since the planet’s conception, this balance remained unbroken, providing the strength for Terrachi’s inhabitants to grow and thrive. While this balance was never perfect, it was never allowed to shift too drastically in either direction. This control was no mere coincidence.
 
Maintaining a watchful eye on this balance were the kodama. Spiritual manifestations of the Green, the kodama were tasked with ensuring the equal coexistence of the Green and the Blue. The kodama successfully maintained this balance for many ages and the planet thrived until…
 
A new force, unlike any other the kodama had ever known, arrived on Terrachi. The Grey were cold, rigid, and moved in such a way that seemed stiff and unnatural to the kodama. The Grey established their home in the Structure of Darkness, a massive facility devoted to expanding their population. They began harvesting the Green and the Blue. Unfortunately, what the Grey provided back to Terrachi was their waste, which drastically affected all it touched. The introduction of the Grey devastated the preexisting balance that had sustained the planet for so long. In short time, the Green and Blue grew scarce, while the Grey established its dominance. As the Green was depleted from the planet, many of the kodama began to disappear, no longer able to sustain their own existence.
 
Fearing their extinction, the kodama elders formed a council to train young kodama warriors to venture out with seeds and saplings in an attempt to find fertile land. Legend has it that there lies fertile land past the Grey’s home. The kodama warriors aim to travel across dangerous lands and retake the fertile ground to restore the balance of the Green and Blue.
 
On the first day of the Season of Growth, the kodama gather to send off their finest warriors. As the ceremony is taking place, suddenly a darkness falls across the village. The Grey has found the kodama’s home and begin to harvest the last remains of the Green. As chaos erupts and the village falls, one young kodama deemed unfit for the expedition sees a vulnerable sapling on the ground and in a moment of panic, picks it up and flees the destruction.
 
Alone and unaware of the perils ahead, this young kodama ventures forth to do what none other has done before: find the fertile land and resurrect the Green...

... hit Enter/Return to continue...











... hit Enter/Return to continue...









... hit Enter/Return to continue...